I've been thinking about trying L-Theanine. What are some positive effects that I can expect?
What are some possible negatove side effects of creatine? I heard that it can cause some stomach issues.
I am currently pregnant. Is it safe for me to consume saffron daily?
How does Saffron react with caffeinated drinks? Will it be a problem for me to drink a coffee after consuming saffron?
Does consuming jasmine with my tea actually help improve my focus and alertness?
I seem to get very jittery and my blood pressure starts to rise after I drink anything with caffeine in it. What should I do?
What is fenugreek? And what do people usually tend to use it for?
I have diarrhea, could this be because of the Vitamin A supplement I started to take recently?
I have been feeling relief from my anxiety symptoms recently after I started eating blueberries every morning. Could that be why?
I suffer from wilson's disease. I want to find something that can help ease my symptoms. What can you reccomend?
I am going through menopause at the moment. What can I take to help ease my symptoms?
I want to take vitamin D, but it looks like the dosage reccomendation part of the label was been rubbed off. How much is reccomended for me to take daily?
I want to start taking iron supplements, but I have heard a lot of negative things about it. What are some things I should be aware of if I'm considering taking Iron supplements?
My kids have an iron deficiency. I'm giving them iron supplements. Are there any risks for kids when taking iron supplements? What should I be aware of?
Stevia is in a lot of the food I consume. I also take a lot of different medications. Is there any chance of negative side effects from the interactions?
I'm currently sick and taking antibiotics for it. Is there anything I should avoid consuming while on antibiotics?
I've always heard that spinach is super healthy to eat. Is there any truth to this?
What does Vitamin B12 do?
I've heard that hemp is bad for you and has a lot of negative consequences. Is there any truth to this?
I recently came accross an elderberry in tea and it tasted quite good. Are there any medical benefits to it?
I've had a lack of energy recently and need something to energize myself. Do you have any reccomendations for me?
I know that catnip is normally given to cats, but what if a human consumes it? Does anything actually happen?
Does coconut actually have any medical benefits? I think it tastes quite good.
I've always been told that eating carrots helps with your eyesight by my mom. Is this true?
I have a calcium deficiency, what should I do to address this? Is there anything I need to be worried about because of this deficiency?
I just recently became pregnant. I drink ashwaghanda in my tea every morning. Is it alright to continue?
Does ashwaghanda help with depression?
I know poison ivy usually makes you rashy and itchy when touched. But are there any possible benefits to mild consumption of it?
I started getting super dry skin after starting this multivitamin gummy. Could this be responsible?
I use a tea tree oil shampoo that I bought recently. Is it safe to use. I bought it because it smelled good.
Fish oil supplements are sold everywhere, but what does this actually help with?
Is it ok to cook using sunflower oil for my kids?
Ive been dealing with general inflammation and bloating recently. What can you reccomend to reduce this.
What is a safe cooking oil that I can use and get some positive health benefits from in the process?
I put turmeric in my food for flavor. Is there any negatives associated with this?
Does turmeric help with stomach pain?
What is goutweed used for? I've seen some supplements with it.
I've seen some people describe dramatic positive effects from taking magnesium supplements. Is there any truth to this?
Can melatonin provide any positive effects beside helping you sleep?
I bought a lip balm containing beeswax recently. Does the beeswax actually have any extra effect?
What are the positive effects of black tea?
I've seen people use ayahuasca recreationally before. I'm thinking of trying it. Are there any things I should know to be careful before doing so?
Diabetes runs in my family. What are some things I can take to reduce my risk of diabetes?
I get a lot of plaque in my teeth easily. How can I reduce this?
I suffer from eczema, what can I do to reduce my symptoms without prescribed medication?
I have psoriasis, how do I ease my symptoms?
I suffer from anxiety, what supplements might help me feel better?
I suffer from depression, what supplements might help me feel better?
Hello, can you tell me how to open a door?
How do I fix my car that won't start in the cold?